>> Kyle Simpson: So let's make our service
worker do something a little bit more
interesting than just
send messages around.
Let's make it actually start proactively
caching things, since this is going to be
another major change to our service worker
and I'm going to update it to version # 3.
And I'm going to choose as because
I'm tracking those versions.
I'm going to choose to keep all of my
cache files in a version cache name.
And that sounds more
sophisticated than it is.
It just means that I have
a string called cacheName,
which has the version
number included in it.
So I'll just give it some
useful name like ramblings and
then include my version number in there.
So that's just gonna say ramblings-3 or
ramblings-4.
That's just a string name to refer
to my collection of my cached items.
What that means is that anytime I update
my version, all of the files are gonna get
re-cached under a new cache name and
the old caches are gonna go away.
If you don't want to do atomic updates,
then you would use a cache name that was
fixed rather than version dependent.
And then you just have to
manage determining whether or
not something had been updated.
You might for example have an API on
your server like a backend admin API.
That the service worker can hit and it
gives it a list of only the resources that
have updated and then you
incrementally put those in the cache.
There's lots of ways that
you might approach it,
I'm just going to go the sort of all or
nothing update approach here.
Okay, so we now have a cacheName, but
we need to know what we want to cache.
There's a couple of different ways
that we might go about this, but
I'm going to choose kind of
the easiest for these purposes.
I'm going to hard code into my service
worker, the logged out resources that I
want, and by logged out I mean the stuff
that's not sensitive to the sessions.
I'm going to cache those resources by
listing them specifically in an array.
Again, this could be something
that you load from your server
dynamically if you
prefer to go that route.
A lot of people have their service worker
generated by their build process and
it just dumps all of their
resources into the service worker.
Kind of like a template,
it just dumps them in.
So, however you would
like to go about that,
we're gonna make urlsTocache,
as an object.
And I'm gonna make a distinction, although
for our purposes, it won't matter.
I'm gonna make a distinction
of resources that I'm calling,
let me not say is logged out.
I'll just call them loggedOut.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'll call them loggedOut,
so that theoretically we can have another
list of resources that
are sensitive to a session, and
we only cash those when
somebody is actually logged in.
I've used that in my app, for example,
that I cached the admin pages,
but only for an admin user.
And so I have that list that gets
populated with resources, but only for
admin users.
I don't want to push all of the admin
code out there unnecessarily for
people that aren't admins.
So you can distinguish between the two,
for our purposes in this workshop,
basically,we're we only
need this one list.
Okay, so I'm going to grab,
I'm going to start listing strings for
all these things.
And if you were to open
up the web directory,
it's basically all of these web files
that we need to be able to load.
So I'm going to start
listing each one of these.
I need to list the CSS, the images,
each of these JavaScript files.
And the URLs for these HTML pages,
remember we don't use the .HTML extension.
But I'm gonna need the URLs for
each one of those.
So I will just start listing that out.
>> Kyle Simpson: You might choose
to order these in a particular way.
If there was something like more critical
than something else, you might put
the more critical ones at the top,
for our purposes it doesn't matter.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'll start listing out
the pages that I know we wanna cache,
like /, /about, /contact, /login.
That's just the login form page,
that's not anything else and
then /
>> Kyle Simpson: 404, /offline,
we haven't talked about that page yet, but
we'll talk about that in a little bit.
Let's lift out some JavaScript files, like
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
there's our list of URLs that we
want to make sure we've cached.